# **Developer Documentation**

**-(From Graydon)**

### 

### *Summary of Added Elements in 6.2 Testing*

* ##### Tile Editor
* ##### Grid System
* ##### UI Updates





### Tile Editor

From the menu bar at the top of the editor, there is a new dropdown called "Tools."

There are two options under Tools: 1) Create New Tile    2) Tile Editor

* The Create a New Tile option allows you to select a mesh then set a tile's default settings, and it will create that tile for you.
* NOTE: You must first add the mesh for a new object to the Materials folder before you can put it on a tile.
* The Tile Editor option allows you to edit the properties of any tile you have previously created. (It also allows you to delete tiles)





### Grid System

The Grid System keeps track of what objects are placed in every cell. 

You access all of the Grid Manager's functions from any script using GridManager.GM

* GetGameObjectsInGridCell(Vector3 worldPosition) returns an array of GameObjects in a given cell for an input Vector3 world position.
* AddObject(GameObject objectToAdd) adds an object to the Grid System.
* RemoveObject(GameObject objectToRemove) removes an object from the Grid System.





### UI Updates

Created a Tile Select Panel Manager that implements scrolling and contains functions to add or remove buttons as the game progresses

* AddButton(GameObject tilePrefab) will give the player a button that places the objects of type tilePrefab.
* RemoveButton(GameObject tilePrefab) disables the button that places objects of type tilePrefab.







